Yes, so one of the most interesting periods I think, certainly for me, was the few years leading up to the Millennium.
So the villager decided that it wanted to celebrate the Millennium and I think there was a little bit of Millennium fever around the whole country really.
And we established a Millennium Committee and I was asked to chair the Millennium Committee.
And there were various subgroups of that Millennium Committee.
So we had a subgroup which was concerned with writing the Millennium book.
And Diana's father, Willie Griffiths, was in charge of that and it didn't get finished in his lifetime of course.
And Roger has manfully carried that on and it was printed just a few years ago.
So that took a long time.
But there was the tapestries, so the wall hangings in the village hall.
They were all created by largely the women of Abbeycomere, although I did do several myself.
Mary Strong and I drew most of them for them to be done, which was fantastic.
And the Village Green, and I was in charge of seeing the Village Green done.
And we did a lot of fundraising events.
We raised a lot of money, certainly to procure the Village Green, to pay for the book.
And those events themselves were absolutely fantastic.
Lots of fundraisers in the village hall, lots of walking treasure hunts I organised,
barbecues, picnics, quizzes and that sort of thing.
And most of the money we made by selling cans of beer as you might expect.
That's a good way of making money in Abbeycomere and raffles and so forth.
We did raise a lot of funding, really brought people together.
It is a village that does come together for a celebration, particularly those that are 8 to 80 and everyone can join in.
And that was fantastic.
And just the events for instance of the tapestries.
So some of the other things just happened and took time.
But the women's meetings, the weekly meetings they held in Victoria's Kitchen up at the hall were fantastic.
Paul at the time was working away in the personnel department at Royal Dalton Stoke and Trent.
And he would get home, I don't know, worked very long days, got home 9 o'clock or past 9 o'clock.
And the ladies would all be in the kitchen through several bottles of wine by that point in time.
And they would sew and chat and that went on for a number of years.